This one.

You can actually see here. So that's black and let's talk about the b*******, Public House. And, Because it's mounted on aluminium or something and it's got a subframe here. So normally, you can just

Excles into one and hang on the software. I think that we should think about a hanging system because it's like The she's gonna invest a little bit of money. Get some coffee. Let's do it, do it? Yeah. Yeah, cuz they need to flexible and every time I mean, Sam's just had the problem of that when the, the guys came in and for the party.

Yeah. Yeah. Stop things on the wall, in real wall. Yeah, yeah. So so you aren't allowed to to drill and well, in the back there I think we have more. You can anyway? Oh, you can. But I just still think. Would you do it hanging system? Yeah. Would be kind of good because then it's flexible.

And you can you know, you can even do it for every every everything but it just means. And where would that entail? How do we set that? I don't know that. That's the one point. Because we, you know, we'll have the thing with these things. We get, you know, and practise I think big works and then small ones, you're right.

One thing you do to make you flex oil is if this is. Yeah, no, just like up the spiral staircase. Like that. So we can do it and awesome. I can forgiven us later, but if you're good, right? We can do something it, you know, it's quite a, a lot of wall space.

You know, if you actually do the walk, Um, You've got a fair amount of space. Um to to put things on. That's all the way, you know. So how but it but this you know, so these these kind of spaces what It cannot like I'm not. Oh I I just layer has various things.

I mean, I don't know if they're mounted or what we'd have to think about different things. But but that's, it's interesting to me, probably. I mean, I know this is the ocean thing. Yeah. I mean I personally wherever I see them. You written down. I'll watch you just please look please.

My God is the um, the hallway into the. Into the test office. Oh, yeah, yeah. Because that's, that's kind of a good spice. And it kind of could do with a bit of TLC anyway. Because then if you wanted to do an exhibition, You can, you know, you can have it.

It gives you more easy. Yeah, I mean, no one can give you a bit more spicy. You wanted to do. Next question or something about that. I mean there's plenty of these things are just screwing you into the wall and they're they're like horrible. Yeah. Yeah. So, oh, we could we, you know, we can have a Yoshi section.

We don't, I mean, that we can take the whole thing down, no, and make a smaller thing, you can take it down and then you can go back up. Yes, absolutely, yeah, yeah, yeah. Um, You know, it's like I just think. Um, Yeah, I mean is if we do a smaller one and put it behind the perspects, That's what we need to do my bottle actually that hangs down.

Yeah, yeah, no. I think that dancers, that was, that's exactly the kind of thing. We should be able to do because this is actually, you know, how would we make this an interesting space? I mean, you should, you could be able to have something here. Yeah, you know, coming down, it would be, it's having There might be some way to learn to be able to pay people in the head that is coming off.

Um, well Brian's saying, I always get a mobile in the middle so it doesn't need to be a heavy mobile. Yeah. Yeah, the thing is when, when you do a, a rail, Very often looks but it looks a bit ugly. Yeah, yeah, but it's it's just practicality. That's, that's importantly.

It's like the thing about here. Here. Is otherwise you left or you'd have to screw into the wall and slowly, you put something permanently Because if you're continually screwing into the ball, there's a bit more problem. Yeah. Because the the The walls are are old so so yeah, they do tend to yeah, you crumble.

Yeah yeah. The the trick is You install sativity. Backing, or something. And that's what you're screwed into on the regular basis. So we install a permanent layer and then you kind of screw into that like okay put so you're not allowed how known spots used to be downstairs? Yeah, yeah.

And a million things broke into them and then when we took him down and all behind wasn't too bad. Yeah. Yeah. So, so that's the kind of the back can kind of look at me as well, because they knew. Yeah, you can't guarantee the space that you. You got because then you're like an object on the wall.

So that's that's Coming back. So we got, um, the other thing is, then there's for some words, um, I, Those strips, um, Moon strips. I had a good experience in putting them up. I have not taken them down so far. Absolutely. Not a good experience. We're talking about command strips.

Yeah, command strips need the wall to be completely grease free. Cuz I've used them in this building several times. Yeah. And after about a week it cools off, okay? And and you can keep in fact if you want them because now, huh? And, and you just clean. Oh, you know, I've used surface cleaner and that sort of stuff, what you use somewhere else, The other thing you could do is is and I don't know if they take screw into the screw into the wall with you know, something that you can put above a bulb into.

So I basically once you take it out and you've just got both You've got the holes and you then you just, you know, you can put whatever you like on the hook or whatever. And when when you're not in use, you just take it out. And okay you've got some little holes but it's it's I think that's the way to do it.

Yeah. But just make sure it's the one smooth hole and it's in the ideal place. And uh yeah it always hands off with that one thing. And then if we need to we can pull out the screw and plug and just plot uh through them. Yeah, I think. Um, With a limited amount of screws in the wall you can get quite a long way.

Yeah, maybe not for work ever. Maybe that very big thing is gonna go. Um, About here. So, if I have a picture, let's see if I have a picture like this. Okay. I want here but it's like this. Yeah, I still need two of them or something, but Um, so but wait, just say we're saying that like, if we like permanent screws but actually that have like two Heights, like a small height and a big height.

So there's a two intersection and he's saying that you do it. Look one and or just a permanent. Like, I don't know how the walls are. Um, what permanent basically, um, passport dowels and you can go in and out. And if there's a whole, you know, I mean a small expressions.

That's not I think I prefer the screw method because then you know, it's secure and that sort of stuff and it's always independence. No. But what I mean like you can even then take the school out at some point. It wouldn't the Tower still in and then you can understand it right in maybe so it's not all.

How would you use the dial explain that a bit better or would that be? Well if if you just have a if you just have the the plasterboard um Okay, so it's a plug. So you put a plug in the wall, you can screw into down. Even so with my walls I can do it and I take the screw out, but then if I want it to put the screw back in and only the whole, I don't know if this one, all fish was about actually, right?

But yeah, well you just leave the school in. It's also fine. Thanks so bad about that. That Or you have. We should come to you anyway like here you it's not ideal what you could think about having a limited amount of schools up there and then the streaming system the brand, you've always been suggested that I think screen system screen system is.

Most of the time pain in the ass. And it looks like your from your salary in your community Library exhibition. That's right. He talked about hmls and well I just I just think For me, it's like, fairly something. That's Is I can see why people do not an art gallery, they need that deal like that or if I can see the point that.

Yeah, I mean the hanging wires but then we give a lot of events to think where we need flexibility. So, I'm just saying explore it because it might be worse. You know. Doing or a combination of that so that you can reuse them for other things. They might I mean you might you might be right.

Just put I mean The thing is when people are walking up here, if if there was six or easy screws at the ball bin, they're not going to go. Oh f***. Well so six goods because you can always put something decorative on them. Yeah, no. Or or or some when you're not using them, just put something on top and you say there's a screw hole because it's no different from.

I mean, quite different practise s***. It's like rules it, you know? It's it's a function. Yeah, but I just, I just think I'm young. Maybe you can work out something where you can then at the end of it, go actually for doing the van. Then we can We can put like a Something.

And then people can hang their posters and things and rather than sticking. Things on the wall. So I'm just saying you shouldn't do it. Maybe You know, trance you've got the screw hole in place. Then you can always put an eyelet in afterwards into the same bottle. I mean, and then, if we don't want a screw hole to be visible then because 3D print a little caps that go in, not something.

Yeah. But I mean, in, in theory, if you're going to hang something up there, I suppose you've just sent to the screws. Yeah, so you just back up and you could have A few screws. People aren't going to go. Oh my God, look at those skills. Oh, they're just gonna go.

Okay, we're sorting some Chronic and if you know, hanging from them. So maybe you just work out. You're never going to get it. Exactly. What because your pictures all different sizes. That's that. That's, that's always. That's always the point. I mean, we, we, we are in a very, very swish location where we have to be exact here.

And I think, as long as the bins are there during the first private view, I'll be happy. Yeah. Out of the box thinking? Yeah, I don't know if it's possible. Can we not put it in the central bit? Well, listen, can you attach it to, to fix there or that from that somewhere?

Like, I got some limb that just from there to, like, onto there or something? Yeah, you've got a square section and you can almost like Central Park Academy as you put down. A little metal kits that clip onto burners like that and you bolt it on. And then there's got another hole on the other side for a little bit.

But yeah, there's two strings and then you can have a string under the gun. Yeah. So so like you're saying stay for me. Here comes out to the middle like up there and then you have a hanging system for artworks, down the middle and you'll be very, it'll be definitely, you know, high tech.

Going back to the sacrificial scene and then becoming noticeable thing, right? Okay. That nice school looks s*** but if you are saying you made a big ball, didn't have a big round of cummies or something. So yeah, it's a statement. Yeah, yeah go. Okay. That's the space. You've got and so you put your pictures on onto it.

And it makes yeah, you work within that space so it's like a permanent thing and you go. Okay. This is a space. If it's a picture like this it can go on there and you don't worry so much about it. It's just the fact when you've got stuff like that that takes away from your pictures because you're you're looking at the frame, you don't necessarily need to have to find them and it could just be a shape.

It could be circles. It could be anything. Come here? So, I mean, I I like it, it could, it could be like you just provide and pick and then I would I would I could do like a little That it's like a, uh, And that directly onto the. We don't go there that's there.

Crucial yeah I mean you can you can also just stop and walk around here in Tennessee. Yeah is hanging in from the bed on the lights. And and we use the backs for their spiral as a thing. So that becomes. So I don't want to go beyond this but if but I'm going to try this for six months, like what if we do a six month thing for the rest of this year?

Let's put something up. And then we see what people think. And if the rest of the building complains who make a plan, the chances are that we're achieving a part of utilities goal of like making. This building is really interesting place, um, and it's adding another layer to it.

And then we look at, you know, so so that we had a few things there one but hanging down the middle is more complex or we should think about. I think it's worth. We could have have a look at this. Not massively tricky but we it's technically we want to work how I do that.

But Brian, were you saying on the walls? We kind of create essentially. You know, these backing things on the walls or just or down the middle, Probably attached to that. Yeah, yeah. It comes out and then it comes out and obviously, you don't have to test a bit to see whether it makes sure that whatever the middle doesn't make way too much if you don't.

No, so many people were killed by by Godfrey. Yeah, yeah, but yeah. So after you very lightweight so I I think that's fine. It's just a suggestion of perhaps you the objection, you just put shapes up. Put and you took my shirts on the wall? Yeah. Because if you put like a square up it's f****** boring.

And it looks like okay that's gone. Rounded coolers or something like that on the walls. Okay. Okay then you just garging my pictures gonna sit in the circle it could go off. Okay. Okay. Just makes it a bit more less less than. It's just a, can I? Okay. You're like yeah?

Okay. Yeah, yeah. I think it's quite cool. Yeah. Yeah. You've got space up there. Yeah. So if you put a square away, Yeah. But why don't you just have a shape that looks like a circle or something and because it's it doesn't matter what the shape is that you attach to does it really.

Okay. It it, yeah, it's more interesting than having because you get a square on your picture isn't as big as the square. It's going to look stupid but if it's a circle, it doesn't kind of laugh. If it comes out in the ATV because it's, it makes it interesting, what's up?

That's what I'm thinking about. So if you put circles, yeah. Yeah. If a circle was a small, and your pictures are bigger than the circle when it gets at the top. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So so it's a and the, the calories neutral, so, but it's just to show you, I'm just saying, yeah, the sacrificial bit can be a bit more interesting than being a square or strip of wood or something like that.

So so what that does means that we just Mount that. Well a nice thing and they stay there and you just keep buying yourself. Yeah, yeah. That's, that's To well, we'd make a shake out of water. Yeah, you can just be work. Couldn't. Yeah. And then you can just, you know, straight into the piece of wood.

It's but it's permanent and then you can also do things like if you want to say. Well I kind of like to paint that a colour then great because at the end of it you're planning it back to work. Yeah yeah. So that's a way that's one strategy which says we have permanent things on the wall.

Yeah. You fit things into that. Um and that's also perhaps something we can try. You know, if we do six months, we can do a trial which like one which is like there. So we can try it though. Then we can have a go like mounting things directly to walls and we see because we are what your solution for like.

The sacrificial thing is like it protects the building over time and we have to show for the rest of the building that we're looking after the building. And we're not trying to undermine and people will say it's going to damage the building to keep going in and out of it.

So one of the things we have to deal with is the fact we we're going to put the screws in. And we're not going to keep screwing more. We're going to come up with a thick set of screws because I think that's the only problem. Yeah. The other way is your grammatically.

Keep screwing stuff into the walls and the balls. They do you you'd end up having to You know, you drill into it and then the f****** Jewel goes off at an angle and you get hold of it. Yeah. Yeah. That's what we're trying. That's what we have to manage.

Yeah, it's just it's not, they're not good good Wars. So at least if you do it, once you can screw in and then you can, if you get a problem, you can refill it around the the screw hole, and then it's permanent and you're just going straight into the wood.

So that's the only oh could the MDX could be anything, it doesn't matter. I mean, we go. Yeah, I think Yeah, that's amazing. We just have to see how it looks, if you can get it in a way that doesn't Define the space, you know, that it makes it look like blue stick or hippies or 70s, or that's what I'm saying.

We need the mock-ups to make it. Yeah, there is obviously that could could be a problem. Yeah. Okay. Okay. You could make the Just things. You can make them small. So this shapes could just be small because that work. No, no, yeah no, I'm glad that this is yeah.

Whatever system you do you're gonna you're gonna The thing is, And we I mean, yeah this way. I suppose you have to be careful if he if you design something in. I sometimes designed even the picture has down. There are designed like hangings and exhibition, layouts, and Photoshop. And it's like, it's super misleading.

But um, I don't know. I mean I think if it's not, It could somehow work, if it's just whatever it is, if it's not too. Designerish, you know what I mean? I can stop if, if it gets dishamished, it it will, it will be interfere with whatever it's gonna be in there.

So, um, and if it's more functional, which maybe it's just a bit of the bars. Yeah. And with masks, and hello, It's it's it's disruptive to or or just really functional. Well, there's a certain amount of screws and that's it. And you gotta like, do it strange. I just saw it.

That's not funny, is you could Okay, let's say you have something that you slept in the video, okay? And then on that, you screw a ball and then you screw the arm or to the ball because then you can move the bar up and down. And then onto that you, you screw a ball up and you put Holes in the bowl and then if you if you want a different height, you can move it up and down and then you attach your artwork so that it gives you more flexibility.

So you just go. Okay, quite bit in the middle. You got you got some exactly how, or maybe I met Adam or he. Uh, you got you just have two bad screws. Yeah. To hold this bar and and they can be open until there's your office you like and yeah, yeah.

That's what children get yeah. You want some sort of metal bars or something. So you can, you know, once you can just Big, big as long as you've got an attachment a way of attaching the pictures and then you can just have balls of different lengths and or or you can just cut them and cut the gold balls for each picture because it made of the date.

It's not going to cost huge amounts of money for the bar. It just means well, let me know. Yeah I mean I've got a huge benefits on something, let him draw. Yeah some ideas and then I'll throw them up to you. Yeah, yeah. Cool. And then then we'll just spin it around.

So I tell you. So what is what you're saying is like because essentially get away where we have in Mount is a single hole which we do and then and then yeah, yeah, it might be single mounting. Let's say it's a piece of, it's a piece of work or something on there.

Yeah like that. Okay. Screwed it twice or so. Whatever it is. Yeah. To make sure it doesn't move. Yeah. There's a couple of screws on there and then you whatever it is you just match the screw holes on and if you want to go hard you just move them up to next so screws and then that screws into it.

So there's a flexion, it just moves If you don't need it, you don't bother you just put it straight into That's it. So it means that what the basic mounting. Yeah. So generally you'd assume you'd never see that thing if you Something make the mount. Something I as in an object that's that looks nice.

Just in case you don't need to use it. Yeah. So make it. So that's why I sit around, just a shame. Yeah, yeah. So it's like okay, so if you've got, if you got say a big picture here and you've got one one two mountain, the next time, you only want a small picture, you leave them out, but it doesn't look too incongruous.

It just rather than yeah, just being some s***** piece of work. Something would end up. She has some formed that gives gives it a little, you know, makes it look like it's, it should be there rather than a couple of these little circles. Circular, the circular theme and the stairwell.

Yeah. Anything too. Yeah. Yeah. Two. It could be fancy. You'll go. Oh no I mean but you know just a matter just just something that doesn't look too out of Let's roll them in something. Just in a piece of Yeah, because if you're gonna leave and leave them out, yes.

But then the idea would be to make sure that they're always covered. Yeah, yeah. That's the, that's the thing. Of course, I do think if you, if you get some of those mounting things where it's you instead of screwing in your your it's a bulb that goes into it which you can get.

I mean, that's what that thing is. Yeah, that's just the fun. Yeah, yeah. So if you get something like that, you can always take the ball out and it would just leave a hole. So it's uh so that's that's yeah yeah I mean so you you basically have something like this and you bought in and then you put over whatever I think on whatever stroke.

Yeah. Yeah to support your opinion. Yeah yeah so it could be So you might be the only goal. A few volts going up or something because if it's just a hole in the wall. Yeah, yeah. So all right, that's better than screws in some ways Montrose, safety. Fixings, what would that be for?

That's for doing. If you're doing a scaffold, okay, probably tie, get off. Okay, because there's quite a few news around. Yeah, yeah, kind of the, the main stairs and I think they just That's what they tried the scaffold anyway. So that kind of long-term e kind of thing is like that.

So that's the simpler version of other things. It means so it's a single strong single hole that we drill well. Yeah. And it and So this like would they put one thing in there? The thing is, if it's got a if it's got like a, a screw thread in there.

Yeah, yeah, and whatever you screw is screw into and will be whatever it is. It could be a hook, it might be, it could be one of these or it could just be a normal bottle so it could be anything. So so what so what this is and then you and then you.

So if you were going to yeah, your pictures and you want to sign up on you. Yeah. You probably. And then you put, you fix your Your picture to your piece of wood as you would normally do or something like that. So that's for pictures that have either like a wire in the back or like a subframe in the back.

Yeah. Otherwise, you're gonna go for the original thing, which is just keep, keep on squeezing, but then that will Personally, I think it's better to have. If you're going to drill something, make sure it's permanent, but if you if you do it with Well, ball or a story you can type them out so maybe you just go, okay, it might be, you just go.

Okay, we put three screws in Ah, and they're all, you know, when you go around they're all at Sims. Yeah. And then you just adapt it to what you're doing production to that. So, that's the, the screw is the simpler version of the box. It means that you have a permanent like a big screw?

Yeah. Stick it in there and put a cap on it. Yeah, that that's, that's one way and that's the smallest way there. Whereas the the bigger way is like we make we get a more established thing which is a bolt that goes in and then we can attach things.

Yeah. Yeah sacrificial beer. Yeah. Yeah and that gives you, it comes more very yeah, it's got to be a very flat bold. Yeah. Or otherwise, you make it even simpler and you really just have a plug. Take the normal wood screws. Yeah. And I would say in general, you might need Uh just for stability, sake to schools.

But we can see and So yeah with the subframe you know you know I mean only after two schools coming up and hands and back. No she took two screws probably do because if you If you put a couple of screws in, you can always have, you know, you can either screw hang directly to that or you can put something on it if you need it.

So, as long as it's got enough to hold it on, hold it on onto the ball, when it's not too heavy. Even if it, you've got screw, then a screw there and it goes up with another foot or something. I mean it just gives you flexibility. So I think that's, that's I think that could be the way forward for these Landings.

Yeah, you have. Then we have, I mean, we have one I mean, this is the biggest we'll take that one. Now, this is the centrepiece. Yeah, this is. Um, yeah, yeah. Uh, we might have to think again, this is, I mean, no, actually, yeah, we've got this. For this big diagram, okay?

So you're probably going to Mount above above that line because that's a natural kind of. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, so why not? It's like I wanted to f*** him down here so you know, when it was the council, somebody the options are like somebody has a big picture like this, and we've got here above.

Yeah, yeah. That maybe in stairs and this or you've got five, one, two, three or four, and you can put one on the on that one. So if, if we have, if he have a wooden, um, I wouldn't file like this. And then it goes like this. Two screws.

Um, Then somebody has now pictures disguise. Yeah, it was an A1. Yeah, he got four a ones, bang. Should work if they're actually mountains and stuff, if there are mouths or anything, I mean, then it's still raw tape, I guess. But I think it, I think if it's Supple, you know, if if you made some little caps then yeah.

Yeah they can just be if you're using it fine, if you're not used. So then you have let's say there's a big one like mine, like this, right? Um, Then you have, You have. You make you make a Wouldn't buy articles and so here, do I have the sound frame?

Yeah, yeah, I'm just saying. Okay. Yeah, yeah. And you could do what you could do. Three I think so that's good. Can you just do it with one screw?

Yeah. Yeah. And I think, I mean, if if it boils and stuff for also good, but we don't even have to go pick them because I mean, how long, how long um, a plug holds and things afterwards, or after the second time We just need the right tool to do the right drill the first time.

Yeah. Every second something was valuable before. I think, you know, sounds good as like proper. We only the the right pie or whatever. The f****** Mega drill he's got because Notch is in there. It's what you're, it's just what you're going going through, making sure. Because the problem I've had when I because I drilled the other side is, chill me up.

And it can be solid but that it can also be very, very crumbly the crumbly is a challenge but then if you're doing that and you just make sure that you you basically faster or or fill around it, I might be there's an option because there's lots of different toggles.

Come look at the wall over here because that actually gets you maybe a easier view. Uh that's another big space. Doesn't have the exact the same flatness but you still got another big space there.

Uh, Well then it is a bulb there. Yeah, I consultants fix it but we can with that and that's nearly fixing variety. So There is there is some strong workout. Like so I think it's the just need to replace it. Yeah. Yeah, we probably there's I'm not sure why.

We haven't really bothered for it that way. But yeah. So lighting is a separate thing to think about um, You know, we go step by step but you gotta It's the big spice. It is a big space. Yeah.

I'll be next week but I I appreciate the the input and we'll what, you know, I think what I want to do is just start with a small piece. Yeah and we try it. Try something out. Maybe out of the mains, not quite main higher up. See how the try?

The simple things, give it a go. You feel safe. I think he died. I think. Okay. Because it's You just have to. Proportion. You go on the moon, so and imagine how many pictures you yes. Yes. Sometimes you you won't have the same. The job now will be to define a section of this, with a standard set of positions, that will be pretty much constant and answer.

Some other major reason for us to move it around. Yeah, so um, but you know, it's like it's weird how I never saw how big, you know the space was. Um, Yeah. I mean lighting is a separate challenge but we have fittings and we won't let people in the in the building who could make us sort of good lights from whatever electrical sub is there.

So bit by bit. In a second phase we came in and mounted some decent lights, that would be a different story. We need a separate, you know, turn on the f****** the show but Um yeah, we have no shortage of wall space. Apparently splits of Yeah, yeah, yeah. We can definitely do that.

Kind of cleaning up. Uh, if you want to, you know, do the people who appreciate that part of this thing is a, you know, can we get people in to help us? You know, make it, you know, keep working on making the building nicer. Yeah, you know, it's a it's another reason to, to do it.

Um so we can we have some some party utility money. But, you know, ideally we just try to get people to join in and help us. Yeah, no, I can. Um, Working out a bit with the limit. Yeah yeah but um I think it would be nice and maybe Yeah, create something like that here.

You know.

Oh yeah, yeah.

Yeah. Hasn't It doesn't easily take your okay.

I think that from from what Brian suggests, I mean we went through a good set of mounting options, But I do think we got down to something fatty in the end of the simplest thing that We got to. Two screws. Permanently mounted, so that you can attach something to it.

Um, to lift things up and down. So essentially, two vertical and then of course, sacrificial board or oh, well, then that well, yeah. But then so you. Well, you can put whatever you want onto that essentially two screws that we can either, you know, Mount well, Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's done.

You have this cool system. So that's the floor and let's see. Again, if you have So for the big one. Yeah, yeah. That was for smaller ones. It would be really just like just like two. Yeah. And then you have this bar Got a big picture, you make a longer bar and you can just go up and down.

I mean, I mean, we got the saw and it's cool and everything here and also That's one or maybe. Uh, maybe somebody says, no, I don't need all of this. I just need that screw. And, and my frame has a string in the back. And it's just hanging on it, and it's also good.

And then, and then for the big one, I think it could be Um, I don't know, something like that. And then, how big is the big one? The big wall. Where the Yoshi's pictures are. It means you can either put a bar going like that. Or you can have a bar going across and only being judged by that school there and that screw there.

It was just what if you wanted to have four different pictures in there? Yeah, so that's if there's a big one, you need less. And I think that's also an idea. Let's always think long term strategically but but let's start with less but right now we only need is two and then later.

Oh, actually there's gonna be four posters, you know, here comes the cable down. So it's a classic thing of like one, two, three, four or one. So the beauty of it is right if we do these holes neatly enough and if we repaint that wall first to be white or something, then it means that you can fill the holes and just patch it with the white paint if needed.

Yeah. But like it makes it easier. The most difficult thing in this building is like Hole sticking out, you know, even after he picked it because I was thinking, no, I don't. You mean just oh, being obvious? Yeah. Yeah. You only make it so they hold or invisible. Yeah.

Uh or then fixing them because that's what galleries do. This is why every single week. When there's a new show, and the first thing is, Take out all the screws. Fill up all the holes, paint the entire wall again. Yeah. And And, And then yeah and then I don't that wall, it could be possible or it could be something more solid, I don't know.

But Yoshi stuff is hanging and the question is So I um, what's his name? What's his name, Brian? Brian. I said we could even do a bold system and stuff, but I think first, we'll just do plasma plugs and what schools can get. Oh, go in and out if they totally wear out.

We still have that hold and then we come up maybe with a It's Overkill. I I think so too. Because also, then you need to nut and it has to be flat and I'm saying that, you know, the world's better or you say like you do one plug once and you put that throughout and everything's worn out.

Yeah, it's fine. I think we go six mil hole. War, plug. Screw okay. Just six mil. Yeah. Okay, so not too big. Just and and then so do how quite deep you do you know well you don't need it that day, okay? Because you're not putting any heavy weight cantally indicate, okay?

Uh, as long as it's deep enough to go through the plaster into the concrete or break or whatever, then it's fine. Well, I'd like the vanilla The brown ones. It's the brown ones a bit bigger than the brown sucks. The brown flux. The brown plugs. Yeah. That's good enough for 250 kilos strip down.

Okay, okay well, so just use a brown. The brown plugs. Okay, not not. Okay, right. Well, the brown, the colour system is no longer valid. Anyway, okay, okay, because every manufacturer now has their own, okay, colour scheme. They don't always line up. Yeah, yeah. The equivalent of that, right?

The six mil? Yeah, okay. Okay. And then, I mean, you mentioned painting the wall, like, we don't, you know, we need to make sure it's the same cut, you know, we can't paint the, you know, we doing the entire thing would be quite a f****** mission. But so we couldn't.

Yeah. We are gonna have to paint. The same. Colour is now otherwise you, you know, do you want to make it patchy? I don't think we really want to be able to colour match. What's there? Yeah, it's gonna be quite tricky. I think, seeing as we've started doing that hallway and just pure white.

Yeah. Yeah. And in fact, it's an arguement for the best. Okay. F******. Paint the whole thing. Um, yeah, I don't know.

Task. So, Probably don't have to paint it anyway, just put the pictures on. But I mean it'd be nice. I mean, it'd be interesting to move that. I want us to be able to move in that direction but I also want to do this. So it's not, you know, it's something where you get halfway through like what's the what's the way we can just do is do the first initial run which is like initial set of pictures, put it up, see how it works.

And if we like, you know, so we might need to what we would immerse it like where we have the, the The nose board. Let's fix the ceiling and do that. Sort of a little bubbly, clear that alphabet, you'll do a little bit of, do a little bit of cleaning up like that, but, um, So, it's not Completely falling apart.

But but Then later on we might come along and say, well, that's okay. Actually, people are visiting. We're starting artwork. Let's fix it, you know, but whatever. Um, Uh for now we want to just have an experiment in the back of the back room back home. Yeah. And then, We don't have to do too many different things.

We do a few But I do think it's worthwhile checking with James, and taking down that pin board because that becomes the good spot to a week ago up. I like it and the more thinking you could have all this repressive security apparatus on the walls and Danging down and fixing some space hijackers.

Yeah, well, I mean, because when they are unpacking the space hydrogus posters and various other things, it's like, oh, you know, we we should be mixing our stuff in there. Um yeah, telling the stories, that's why we're gonna, you know, we start with your stuff but but getting a kind of curated set of different.

I know, I mean, I'm totally happy to still get something that that combines my folders with that. Yeah, that'd be nice. Um, you know, if you cannot and and uh, there's plenty of people who would just And something in here. Yeah, and get it out again. Look at Phillips as well, or A lot of people, I'm just doing a little telly, little story story on the back stairs.

You know, how these things fit together? Um, it'd be nice. We need to we haven't done Arts. Don't do anything in the main hall. Well, I because we have to keep taking it down something that all our friends or whatever. I've kind of held back. I'm trying that this became over like it could.

But I would like to say initially the scope is let's just set down to the back stairs. Um, If we get that working and actually, or you have a plan with that and I mean, Then we can move into the main hallway. Fine, you know. I mean we don't have we can do the main hallway.

I mean, if you are at it maybe we just should. You know if we have us that rigging system, should we not do? Just the whole thing. I mean, yeah. Well Yeah. I kind of if you're gonna standardise on this sort of thing, I might like to just put a hole in every wall, right?

Back in the centre. Yeah. Or where you might hang a picture from or whatever? Yeah. Because At the moment, there's no hanging system. Yeah, which means every Tom Dick and Harry is using their own. The size of blue Tech or their own. Yeah. Yeah. Sticky thingy. What's its name, right.

But if there's a central point there and then they know that's where we have to stick things to that. Screw hole is where everything's tied onto. I'm not gonna put a big tape over there. A piece of tape over there. It gives the whole idea. Yeah, because you've given people one option, we just do the same two, two things.

So we can Mount, probably we need to become a standard thing. I mean, you know, that that that's There's for me. The important thing is that hanging thing? Yeah. Like standard picture hanging. Definitely a no-go. Okay. What, you know, the standard just picture hanging thing or for a string?

Yeah. Is that rail on the on the ceiling? No, no. Just doing a screw to the screw and you hang it on. Yeah. Are they is that faux pas these days or is there one? Is it? Well, it's just, I mean, it's fine for smaller things. It just doesn't do the bigger things.

I think for these ones, I mean that that size. So what do you mean though? Like a single, you know, when you've got a string? Yeah like that. Yeah, if you have if you yeah it does. But I got always. So if you have a picture like this or even like this size.

Yeah, so if it's mounted or framed, I just have a string in the back. One's full enough. Yeah. Or they have a sub frame. This size on one subframe, it'll it'll still be all right because if it's holes against the water you put. Yeah. So um, no, it's only if you have no mounting done.

All people come up with with experimental things, you know, like picture here and then um, Perspex on top and hold on Hooks and stuff, but then and then you make bolts like that. But It's nice cheap option, but Yeah, we try to avoid then always just tape. So so you're saying we don't for like we did in here, we don't do two, we just do a single thing.

So so we redo this without going, I suppose, that's what I've got for my things. It's like a single hole. Yeah, and then so that. Yeah because the single hole works good for a big picture, even if it is a metre wide, it will hold that up. F***. Yeah, as long as it's on there, kind of like yeah.

But for two actually, it doesn't work, does it? So yeah. Um that space is really built for one big picture in each section. Yes, yes. So No, we don't need to do two pictures in each section because that's fine. It's just more, a matter of like, Having the This double thing means, you can't do both.

You could have a, you know, the dip we torment there where you have the two holes, if you just need a hanger, just use one of them. You hang it on it. But if you're doing something else, you have the two to allow you to lift something up higher and do something, no, no!

I agree with that. But like ideally, you want the two quite well spaced apart? Like And now for two pictures worth right, I suppose Um, it could go that but then, yeah. So you the other one, the higher ones up above so I think let's go. Yeah yeah. A whole life here.

And number one pick, it needs to be like Yeah. And and me too, obviously. So ideal things to size for exhibitions is kind of was missed like one skates. And is that 165 to the centre? Yeah. Okay. So Yeah. So, and then if you put that spoon in like here at some time, Yeah.

Do the double Mount. So do we do double Mount one? In context sets music and Museum. Can you see it? Yeah it did. And you haven't seen that before The size. What's the right? Kind of height for that. So you would say attach it like So these these things are mountable on a single thing, they just have the hook in there.

So from the top of the door, we drop the screw we do that manually. So this lines up at the top of the door and then you can like do a bigger one there and then then if it's in between on the spring. Yeah. And otherwise that one's hidden as well.

Yeah. Yeah. So you do that too. And if you have a thin spring, okay, I'm just doing some business. The only the only no no. I would say is. Destroys the Optics. Yeah, but that's what we want. Yeah, is like for after my parents, that isn't Academy. Then you can attach a piece of sacrificial, look there and say, you can stay belong to that thing.

In that case, the OB grey area is off this one. I can't do that because there's electric storm. Okay, go. Individual cleaner. Yeah, I mean, I'm I'm interesting to see how much dirt actually came off. Oh no, I'm sure. I mean, that's never been cleaned. So, we are working towards our first show is Yeah, I mean, we got a bunch of things.

Um, I, I would say, you know, my interest now is like Um, Set this, you know, say we we're trying an experiment. Six months. But, you know, there's a raw curatorial role. But like you say, you know, Emma can be a curator and then we can work on. We'll put some budget towards, you know, make sure we do it because you don't want me f******.

Putting trying to line up things on the wall at a certain height because I always get it wrong. No, no, I'll do that. I need lasers need to make sure that the things are in there. And then the job is like, what, how do we do? The first little phase?

Try something out, do some, do some stuff start in the back wall? I would like that. It's, it's kind of a big thing. Yeah, it'd be cool. We make a group. Oh, that, uh, I I don't mind if it's a group thing or whatnot. What I was getting at is Let's say, it's you and three other people show.

When does the show open? When does it need to be ready for? Yeah, yeah well I don't know, but I would say it would be good still in the summer with because um, Maybe. If you have life really long you don't have to have all the lights ready? And and top.

Now you can you could do it like an opening or something um until nine o'clock in in June or July, okay? And, and So, I don't need the best lights, at least not up there because that staircase becomes a sauna in the summer. Oh, your prints and stuff UV protected.

Uh, except one of them, okay? Because, yeah, it does become a greenhouse in there. So, Because the two winners on both sides. Get sung from like 11 o'clock. Yeah, morning to sort of 5 p.m. well you know that thing survived my garage Cool. Um, okay. Okay. Yeah let me ever think as well what's everything?

Which you know we we need to work out. What the first little phase is, how do we get phase one? As you know. Yeah. And like, how many Works which put we'll get into the whole thing, you know. I it might be good to like, try a smaller set, you know, small selection work out.

We need to clean it set up whatever. Um, another question. Yeah. So during events Things like ladders things, like tables, go into that landing on the first. No, that's why. Yeah, yeah, that's why Yoshi is picturing. Some of them are torn that has get leaned on it and that's, it's a challenge with that spot there, you know, that's the danger.

So, how do we protect stuff? Both from like accidental damage? But then WhatsApp stands on like Insurance. What happens if someone walks off with one Prince or something? Because that looked nice in my bedroom. I imagine the big one I'd say. Maybe do something. But um, I think Well, the opposite there, you just, you just give it a, you just give it an um, I don't know how your insurance works, but you give it another value.

That's that's right, that's that's is it covered or are certain things covered here anyway or well? Is this is some kind of purchasing value of just the material. Hmm, value. Well, we have no kind of insurance for like oh yeah. Yeah. That that that's something that I think we.

I'm not gonna be able to include in any kind of hurry. You have insurance for other people's stuff. Yeah, you need your own insurance for that, okay. Because the challenge is like lockable doors. In terms of stuff in the building. When people naked yeah, yeah. In terms of like, you know, we you know, When you like is there there isn't a way to seal that place with a lot.

You know it has the fire escape is locked but there's no way to seal it because it's also in the fire Escape thing. Um, And so, You know, we that is an experiment part, you know, part of our challenge is that It's a, you know, it's a space which is has through fair and doesn't really.

Let us like hide. So I think, um, Yeah, some things are easily lickable for small ones. Um, The big ones. No really Um, I mean, it's never happened to anything but yeah, we no no especially the right thing to think about this point. No, we need to make sure these are the kind of things that we try.

I'm trying to record and get that get written down. So we know at the moment, are we just saying we take a risk? We don't have insurance because we don't, you know, And if there is something like, you know, we don't have a way to deal with that in a current phase.

Yeah, I know, I just thought like if someone gets broke then you just do the material replacement value. We've been, you know, Mount taking us Um, otherwise. I don't have to rest it, you know. Yeah, I mean, the main, the, the thing you brought up, which has been on my mind, is that, you know, that where Yoshi's thing is, although it is the kind of Primal space.

It's also the prime space for, like, s***, you know, that's the most risky spot in terms of thinking lent, against it and bumped. So I wouldn't start trying to put something fancy in Yoshi's spot. No. Because that's exactly. As Sam says, in an event removing these out of the thing, that's we things are stacked up there.

We have to come up with a cleverer way to protect it with that. The big one. Is it horizontal or is it vertical? It's too big to go in front of the toilets before you go into this. Let's go have a look. Uh, I mean I was thinking about that.

I mean were we actually Wow. Um I should have a tape measure somewhere. One. Yeah. One egg. Um, They should be one in there. I think otherwise I know I had a second one. I had Helen nodding's. Ladybird tape measure. Yeah, for many years. Um, it's in here. Uh, the end.

Yes. Friends going on and say, get down. That's why I was avoiding United States. Yeah I went through that if you had something that it is Something that's obviously, I'll have to hang out. So, Let's destroy. You have a little story about himself is good. Have I showed me?

My photo website of the building? No. Because uh, this is fun. Did I get interesting? Put this whole thing together? Um, And it's like once we have this, then we can do the Limehouse, you know, telling you the story is coming. That music does my head? Here's my. And building that up.

So we've But now Co-op stories. Uh these this is this is like the history of It's coming on. Um, we've got like, This is a back of a house that producer. Look like it's matched them all, but we can actually get like decent stories. Each one I've got like we're actually building up bits of the stories around each of the Um, Pizza.

Thank you. Can't forget quite a lot of the photos. From the neighbours are still around. Um, is it something together or something? I've been building it. And like, this is my neighbour across the road. Now, you know, this is listen, I need when I was born, you know. Um It's a type of sort of thing.

I was swinging back for the town hall. Yeah. Yeah. No I really think of a few things. Yeah. Yeah. We need to we should. Um so I mean think it and today I've just done the films but so we got little stories. Um, Uh, put it this way. Uh, in second world war, the lift Warfare, the story parts, large part of them.

And in the 1960s, the authorities came over. Tried to complete the job. So that was the plan for the motorway. I think that was the original reason. Preparing somebody's housing is Uh, about the way through to the little shop for the tunnel, where does go up. So we got a bunch of these little things, so it's a few different films.

I was studying theatre at Rose Bluford school outside, 18 Walton Gardens. So yeah. Um, My sister came here in January 79 and I arrived in September Street, so yeah, that's my various bits of the thing. So Um, collecting things around our This is where the, the back of the houses look like.

But instantly sort of uh yeah there's a story by Street. Yeah, exactly. Um, this is where they were going to public. No, this is Victoria Park. Coverage. We're going straight through. Darn houses very well. No, but yeah, tell us such a good story. Um, And then we've got so I meant so you can like, find the photographers and you can do the photographer kind of galleries or to make it, builds them up.

Yeah. So you know nice have these little bits of stories. And then like an amazing. We can like have different collections which across the gallery. So, like a collection of the people full from different galleries. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's beautiful. And um, How how have you designed this now or where does the design come from?

Like how this f****** made? I'm greater than any real design work. I've just been. I've just built it from scratch. So each piece So this is HTML. Yeah, safety belt. That's various collected photos from the colour that's good. Yeah, it works. And and uh, yeah, Then how? Dropbox. So what I do is I made it so that my Dropbox folder.

You just have a folder system on a server, I guess. Um, I mean, I, I processed it. So, I my software, you know, I don't, I didn't sell the straight to the dark Dropbox, so, that's good. So, um, but what what it means is like, they get to, they load up their pictures in the Dropbox folders, every every Folder becomes a gallery.

And then inside a gallery, you've got this little Text file which is like with the gallery yaml file, which is like, has like the title is the triangle intro description and I just read that and that becomes That I just sucked it into it. So when I update the gallery and just say, run this, so if I change the thing, I would go into my the code and I just run a little updater I just run a little command.

I just processes everything and then uploads it. Um, so That I can each, I can put animations in the top bit as well, each of these as customisable, the topic. So I could. So this is this is a dedicated little bit of Um, Uh, HTML that I can make interactive.

So, like I'm showing my on my tarot card website. I've been doing this like this. Um, So I can build that I I haven't that's on my own little work. Oh it's not like yeah. No not like it. So my tarot card one I've like got these anime animation at the top, just like a frame.

Like you tell the story and you move through this like bit of Storytelling. And then the rest of it goes down below so you can like mix. A little narrative. The top with the done through Blake. That interactive animation. Um, And then, Down below was my, my scheme. But but yeah, just just HTML.

Um, I can rebuild it So okay, so that's now gallery. And then where's Does the collections. So what I get each of the photos I can add to a collection. So if I had this like it so I can go along this one isn't. So if I wanted to I hit people I can go along to the photos thing.

Maybe the photos. So Like file open a window and it's like that. Correct. This is my gallery. Twitter is Hello. All right, but I'm just in the meeting now. But yeah, I'm thinking poorly or we need it. I've got a basically tool. It was, it felt so good doing the story of of the colour.

It's like laptop, right? Let's create our Gallery like in Bullock where. So basic thing is, Folders, and Dropbox, share it. And then, and then the next piece is like, if you use the, if you're an iMac, whatever you can can do the descriptions in the J in the files themselves.

I can, if you most, like, jpegs win it, which you put in like the Text blocks, yeah. So I'm going to suck the initial stuff out of that. And then um so the first part is get the photos in, you know what we generate them. I slept out some of those annotations and then I got AI.

It generate me, the summary of the gallery and then yeah, I know. Anyway, so I won't be home tonight OS. This story comes out. Yeah and it feels like it's a long history there. Yeah. And that's what's missing about. Yes, exactly. Exactly. And that's exactly what I've been thinking about over here.

Like so I could add, I could add teacher collection. It's a CF happy. It's amazing. How much value we just add straight away? Um let's find my how much value you have to watch it. Like I've known about Pete's Co-op for years. And like, I've heard stories from what pizza?

I've met some of the people from there. Yeah. But they're seeing the gallery. Yeah. Suddenly. Yeah. Yeah. I'd say. Yeah.

Yeah for free. I didn't realise they'd be toasted. Yeah it's really good these days. What is that?

To your collection. There we go to you, people tell people. So I can go along, I can find the thing where I have. Um, Like doing up the squats. And I've got Pete's in the kitchen and and I get add heat to it. The Collection. So I can Define the collections of the original thing and then I run a little thing that's f****** here.

Boom, because I'm looking at this from an eternal button here. There's like so much. Please workplace workplace space. There's so much s*** in the background. Yeah, you don't need to be there. Yeah. All of this sort of stuff. You deserves to show all the nice pictures, all the stories and That's how you see what's happening.

Yeah. So, This thing in Dropbox when I want it updated, run the command It's now processing, that study there's no database, there's no hosting costs. It's all JavaScript and things, and we're super fast uploaded. So, so super fast, you know, And now, uploads it. And then, when that's The picture of pink will not be in my collection of people, you know?

And so I had the collection of like the buildings, the people. So the galleries it's like vertical and horizontal. You know, I can have you don't have that the collections but if you wanted to have like Um, The thing about activists and then and you have your, you have your different Galleries and you join up, you know, the woman the man, you know, the dogs and you can join them up across the different galleries.

Let me, let me navigate this. Yeah, be good. Let me just get back to the website since um, Not there. So now if I go back collections people,

In that collection over there. I mean, I haven't, I haven't looked too much at the at the I think so, your feedback. On how to do on navigation, will be good. So, Um,

You just instead of, how do I adjust? It's amazing.
